right ready Sabrina go
you
good point d toes you finish your last
arm and you pull it up underneath you
that's why it's so it's hard for me to
see where it is which is good means the
officials will never see it your head
could have been pointed backwards better
go your head is so tipped up Angelina
Timmy look at that look at that hand
pulling back stroke I could see your
fingertips up again Timmy no pointy toes
Sarah and put your head back Sarah back
to back go go go go go
no looking for the wall and your head is
way up and you put your last backstroke
arm up and then spun on it you didn't do
the corkscrew you didn't throw a
backstroke arm over go Abby you put a
backstroke arm up and then rotated with
it up you should wrote you should
corkscrew a freestyle arm Abby I see way
too much your cap out of the water no
pointy toes did you have and I could see
it's a little bit oh it's down more now
but before your whole cap was outlawed I
mean you're going slow go maybe you were
like afraid to hit the wall so your head
was out look at where those goggles are
looking not up at the ceiling
good good good I don't think you had
pointing toes and where's the splashing
for your feet want to see splash black
flash go
they're that head is back that flip turn
was good but you glided with your arm in
front for a while and then you glided
with your arms back by your waist a
while and you'll be disqualified for
gliding or kicking into the wall with
your arms back by your rose I can tell
you're bending your arms again they're
going over your face but your turn was
pretty good you were a little close to
the wall you were so close you could
have touched it before the turn that's
not so hot you want to be farther away
from the wall and get a big full stroke
Tony I can tell you not rotating much in
your back stroke your shoulders aren't
coming out too close to the wall because
you bumped it and hit it so you got to
take care of that rolling over farther
from the wall streamline longer
head no looking and there and you didn't
do a flip turn where was your full turn
and your stream line for backstroke you
looked down the pool on your streamline
probably rolled over too far to roll
your head put your head back in back